7.49 to 7.52 release notes (#3432)
kiegroup/kie-docs: doc-content/jbpm-docs/src/main/asciidoc/ReleaseNotes/Release.7.51.0.Final/variable-data-type.adoc

[id='variable-data-type-751']

= Variable data types

> Variables specified from BC are now converted to the data type declared in the process (if operating on not strict mode). For backward compatibility, if the conversion fails, string is used as it was done before.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Variables specified from Business Central are now converted to the data type declared in the process definition (if not operating in  strict mode). For backward compatibility, if the conversion fails, the string type is used, as it was done before.
```

> Also when using jaxb marshalling for a REST invocation, if strict flag is enabled, passing a non int value for a int declared variable now throws an exception (it was returning 0 before) 

Reviewer: Don't we also need to add the system property for setting the strict flag here?

Author: Done
